#summary A recipe book for adding your example to the naclports gallery.
#labels Featured

= Add to the naclports Gallery Page =

You can easily add your example to the gallery page in a few simple steps.  Be aware that you have to apply the correct svn properties as needed or else your page will not load and run correctly.

  # Build your example.
  # Create a directory under naclports/src/gallery for your example's web resources, e.g. `mkdir naclports/src/gallery/photo`.
  # Copy your example's web site into this directory.  Your site will likely include a main HTML file, some CSS, !JavaScript and of course, your .nexes.
  # Take a screen shot of your example, make it about 400 pixels wide.  Copy this screen shot into the gallery directory you made in step 2.
  # Edit `naclports/src/gallery/index.html` to include a table row for your example.  It's easiest to copy and paste from another example.  Include a short descriptive paragraph about your example.
  # Create a change list using `svn add` and `gcl change` and upload it.  *Note:* you must do this step before the next one, or esle svn will not see the files in order to set the required properties.
  # *Important:* set svn mime-type properties to your HTML, CSS and .nexe files:
    * For HTML files: {{{svn propset svn:mime-type text/html <file>.html}}}
    * For CSS files: {{{svn propset svn:mime-type text/css <file>.css}}}
    * For .nexes: {{{svn propset svn:mime-type application/x-nacl-srpc <file>.nexe}}}

Go through the usual code review process.  Once you commit your CL, your example should appear in the gallery.

*Troublshooting:* If parts of your page don't load, use the source browser in naclports.googlecode.com to inspect the files in your example.  They should have file properties set.  If not, use the above `svn propset` commands, and then `svn commit` your changes.